[Music]
does that make me then you're a
policeman technically uh Scotland for
such a uniquely successful rings this
nation brought the world television
whiskey and of course me
Detective Sergeant Bruce Robles the
games are always being played that's
everything you need to know about the
gangs here after I see the Dave and I
left I'm nothing sure bit more spunk
than I came anyway nobody plays the
games let me you just have to be the
best and I usually uh
[Music]
look at the state getting peace I'm
worried about you freaks it used to be a
good person
I think the something seriously wrong
with me
have you been to see Roxy have you been
since our last consultation with no
problems I presume no more cocaine and
chips suppers for Bruce
[Music]
could go either way
now find others just a little bit sorted
you know made you join the force Bruce
police oppression brother he wanted to
stamp it out from the inside and I
wanted to be a part of it
[Music]
can I just have a glass of water
no I'll get something else in mind for
you
[Music]